>> Kyle Simpson: Wow, that was
an awful lot of JavaScript that I just
threw at you over those
last few lecture videos?
Well, it's good that we practice
what we've been looking at so
that it doesn't just go in one ear and
out the other.
So that's why we got this
exercise to practice all
those three pillars of
the JavaScript language.
We're gonna be practicing a little
bit about types and coercion,
a bit about scope and closures, and a bit
about the this keyword and prototypes,
specifically using that class syntax
that we talked about at the end.
So let me orient you to this exercise and
then we'll give you plenty
of time to work on that.
What we're gonna be doing is revisiting
the exercise from previous, but
we're gonna be adding some more
functionality to this now,
or a little bit more sophistication to it.
Now that we understand a little
bit more about JavaScript.
So we're gonna be defining
a Bookshelf class.
And you can see that there's
going to be a constructor.
We're going to have the addFavoriteBook
and printFavoriteBooks,
you might remember those
from the previous exercise.
Well, now we're gonna move them to be
methods inside of our bookshelf class.
And then we're gonna be calling a function
that pretends to make an ajax call.
That's a way of making a request from
the webpage back to the server, and
getting some information.
We're not going to really
make an ajax call.
I've provided you a fake function
that pretends to do ajax.
But it's going to give you a chance to
practice remembering something over time
which is what we're going
to do with closure.
So you're going to get a chance to
practice with all of three pillars.
I've laid out very specific instructions.
I want to make sure you go
through them in order and
make sure you read very carefully.
You gonna try out this exercise, and
bit by bit make sure you're
executing this code.
Don't just write a bunch of code,
and then try to run it, and
you have a whole bunch of errors.
Every time you make a little change or
a little edition,
move it over to one of those
JavaScript environments like runJS, or
the Chrome dev tools or
something like that.
Make sure you run the code,
and check yourself often.
Make sure you save your files often so
that you're not losing information.
But we'll give you some time to
run through this exercise and
try your hand at it.
And don't feel bad if there's some
challenge here because this is an awful
lot of JavaScript to
throw at you all at once.
I just want you to get a little bit of
a feel, little bit less intimidation,
hopefully around each of those
core pillars of the language.
Again, feeling okay about how
we deal with types and coercion,
feeling okay about the scope and
the closure system and
feeling okay with the this keyword and
the class system.